c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\obj\Debug\UTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\UTests.dll.config
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\UTests.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\UTests.pdb
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\obj\Debug\UTests.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\UTests\obj\Debug\UTests.pdb
