c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\bizarro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\bizarro\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bizarro\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bizarro\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\bizarro\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.pdb
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.pdb
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
D:\Проги\C#\Projects\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\DAL.pdb
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
H:\TestTask\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
